**THE STORY THUS FAR:**

...hungover it's awful, the sound of trains collapsing back behind of
here...outside there are distant birds circling in front of 7 miles of
heavy cloud falling down, and from where you're lying one of those
clouds looks like a hanged man leading a blind, indifferent horse...
THIS IS MILE END MY FRIEND, the hollowed out ruins here and a train runs
straight through them... we made a record here in mile End, at the
mighty HOTEL2TANGO. where ~~the~~ lonesome trains ramble thru the
backyard while the wind plays in the trees where nervous birds hide from
a kat named lu,a dog named wanda... 16 rented tracks moving ~~15~~ 7.5
inches per second onto ampex456 WITHOUT ANY KEYBOARDS, while don & ian
rode the faders tired-eyed and stoic... the whole thing ~~happened~~
recorded under threat of great threat on a 1933 stahltonbahnd maschine
and mixed in one awful night by black helicopter... IT ALL HAPPENED IN
MAY; winter was just starting to fade then and the money hadn't run out
yet... we've been plowing our little field up here for a couple of years
now, but the yard is still filled with rocks and dust and sick trees...
SO we bide our time, waiting for a purer kick to bloom... & the future
is still bleak, uncertain and beautiful... and the van is gassed but the
pistons are crached, and when we close our eyes alls we can see is: open
road, telephone poles, a sun that is always setting &a tangled up melody
falling down slowly O.K. GOODBYE xoxoxoxoLOVE GODSPEED YOU BLACK
EMPEROR! mILE eND MOTREALQUEBECCANADA

kramer metal neck gtr., music man stingray bass, telecaster, cello,
screwariver, fender jaguar, fender jazzman, violin, aluminum rod, french
horn, '73 dodge family wagon with glow-in-dark virgin mary statuette,
drum kit, bagpipes, ampeg vt22/v-4/svt, full-ton dodge ram with
retrofitted holley carburetor, banjo, garnet head/orange marshall
hi-rise cabinet, earth sound research bass head, space echo, hagstrom
III gtr., '76 ford econoline with airbrushed flame job, gauloises
blondes, duMaurier, boreale rousse, glockenspiel...

locomotive etching rendered by john arthur tinholt.

godspeed you black emperor! (1995-1997):

moya, thea, aidan, dave, mauro, thierry, christophe, norsola, efrim,
bruce, colin, amanda, jesse, sylvain, dan o., peter, shnaiberg...

silkscreening executed by leila  
pennies flattened by passing trains.

godspeed:  
15 rue ontario est  
montreal, quebec  
h2x lg8  
CANADA

constellation:  
p.o. box 42002  
montreal, quebec  
h2w 2t3  
CANADA  
514.499.1771  
constell@total.net
