Fig. 3a = FAULTY SCHEMATICS OF RUINED MACHINE [TO SCALE]

...page 1 of 1

[FEAR]  
∞

...infinity sweeping and falling away from you in all directions a dream
you keep having where you are falling slowly or fast and there is no
bottom never has been or will be and you will never land...

1\. continuous self-doubt...

...all radial sound waves emanate from machine's busted heart like thin,
infinite pink lasers or else sometimes like mile high cloud of bees or
buried ton sinking...

TAPE HISS

HI

BABYLONIAN TRIANGLE OF CAPTIVITY

(arc lights, triggered motion detectors activate nine-grid sweep by
roboticized surveillance cameras and rapid deployment of armed response
team, fluorescent lights buzzing you are really very hungover and the
buzzing puts this pain in your skull like geothermic places scraping
against each other, you are having bad day you cannot see what he is
typing into his computer but the thing beeps twice when he enters your
name...)

F♯  
[REGRET]

HI MID

LO MID

A♯  
[DESIRE]

TAPE RUMBLE

LO

... signal source = heart of rusted machine, blown tubes ruined, torn
gears, jury rigged wiring is fault; shoots sparks (blue), smoke (black),
flames (white) and buzzes uncontrollably...

the things we endure, soon they are just distant bad memories: we spent
the last of our pennies on taxicabs + beer, stayed up all night hatching
plans...

∞  
[HOPE]

a tape loop so long it was rocketed thru atmosphere by wigged-out soviet
cosmonaut — one edge wrapped around distant japanese weather satellite,
other edge mounted on junked ¼-inch tape machine with misaligned heads;
spinning satellite acts as capston, tape loop moved over heads of tape
machine at speed of satellite's orbit ⨉ speed of earth's orbit; playback
is sporadic, tape loop so long it will take three lifetimes to hear in
its entirety...

2\. lack of money, resources... (helplessness)

3\. inescapable police car/anxiety continuum...

CST-003.../

SCALE:

0 3 5 12 15 18
